feat: Add user guide for compaction offload (#158)
apache/horaedb-docs: content/en/docs/user-guide/cluster_deployment/with_meta.md

server_addrs = ['http://{HoraeMetaAddr}:2379']
```

### Compaction Offload

> Compaction offload is also supported in `WithMeta` mode. To enable compaction offload, the compaction mode of HoraeDB Server should be configured as remote compaction:

Reviewer: IMO, the current implementation doesn't depend on horaemeta?

```toml
[analytic.compaction_mode]
compaction_mode = "Offload"

> node_picker = "Remote"

Reviewer: `endpoint` is also required?

server_addrs = ['http://{HoraeMetaAddr}:2379']
```

### Compaction Offload

Compaction offload is also supported. To enable compaction offload, the corresponding compaction mode with node picker and endpoint should be configured.

- `node_picker`: There are two types of node picker -- `Local` and `Remote`(WIP).
  - When the `Local` is setted, the local compaction task would be offloaded to the specific remote compaction server, which decided by `endpoint`.
- `endpoint`: The endpoint, in the form `addr:port`, indicating the _grpc port_ of the remote compaction server.

Here is an example for it:

```toml
[analytic.compaction_mode]
compaction_mode = "Offload"
node_picker = "Local"
endpoint = "{RemoteCompactionServerAddr}:{RemoteCompactionServerGrpcPort}"
```

> A Compaction Server, responsible for executing the compaction task, is also needed. The configuration of Compaction Server is similar to the HoraeDB Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Compaction Server, responsible for executing the compaction task, is also needed. Currently `horaedb-server` will act as this role, in the future we can move it to an independent service.
```

server_addrs = ['http://{HoraeMetaAddr}:2379']
```

### Compaction Offload

Compaction offload is also supported. To enable compaction offload, the corresponding compaction mode with node picker and endpoint should be configured.

- `node_picker`: There are two types of node picker -- `Local` and `Remote`(WIP). 
  - When the `Local` is setted, the local compaction task would be offloaded to the specific remote compaction server, which decided by `endpoint`.
- `endpoint`: The endpoint, in the form `addr:port`, indicating the _grpc port_ of the remote compaction server.

Here is an example for it:

```toml
[analytic.compaction_mode]
compaction_mode = "Offload"
node_picker = "Local"

> endpoint = "{RemoteCompactionServerAddr}:{RemoteCompactionServerGrpcPort}"

Author: The remote node picker is not supported without horaemeta. Currently, we need to use local node picker and specify the `endpoint`.

```

> A Compaction Server, responsible for executing the compaction task, is also needed. The configuration of Compaction Server is similar to the HoraeDB Server, except that the node type (default `HoraeDB`) should be set to `CompactionServer`:

Author: > This is required?

Right. It is not required. It is used to help horaemeta distinguish the horaedb node and compaction node, which is not supported now.
